count from start: 0.000000  function started
count from start: 0.000000  initial vodoo executed
count from start: 0.000000  alhpaorbitals set
count from start: 0.000000  a really long switch exxecuted
count from start: 0.000000  image data: ncub0 45, ncub1 46, ncub2 43, dim0 -7.305000, dim2 -6.810000, dim4 -6.650000, dx 0.317500, dy 0.317333, dz 0.316667
count from start: 0.000000  image initialized
count from start: 1.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 1.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 1.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 1.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 2.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 2.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 2.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 2.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 3.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 3.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 4.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 4.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 4.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 4.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 5.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 5.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 5.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 5.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 6.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 6.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 6.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 6.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 7.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 7.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 8.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 8.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 8.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 8.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 9.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 9.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 9.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 9.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 10.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 10.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 10.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 10.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 11.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 11.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 12.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 12.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 12.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 12.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 13.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 13.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 13.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 13.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 14.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 14.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 15.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 15.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 15.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 15.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 16.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 16.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 16.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 16.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 17.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 17.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 17.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 17.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 18.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 18.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 19.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 19.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 19.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 19.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 20.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 20.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 20.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 20.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 21.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 21.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 22.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 22.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 22.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 22.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 23.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 23.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 23.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 23.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 24.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 24.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 25.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 25.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
count from start: 25.000000  nested loop execution ended without stop
count from start: 25.000000  nested loop execution ended with stop
